She slept in. This didn't necessarily bother Vegeta. The woman worked herself ragged between housework and inventions for the company. Balance that in with being seven long months pregnant and had every right to be exhausted. So Vegeta didn't think she was unworthy of taking a day to rest, its just that she never did. Her fatigue was a symbol that something was wrong. By noon, a concerned Vegeta entered the bedroom to see his pregnant wife sleeping in bed. He gingerly uncovered her pregnant form and laid a bare hand on her forehead. "Warm." he mumbled to himself, his dark eyes narrowed. "Woman. Woman, rise." he said softly, eyeing her as she rose groggily.

She hissed in pain as she tried to sit up comfortably. "Ah, Vegeta. I'm so sorry... For oversleeping." he watched in amazement as she tried to force herself to her feet. He held his arm in front of his mate, ushering her back into bed with a scowl. "What are you doing? If you're tired, keep sleeping." he barked. Bulma frowned. "Well, you woke me up in the first place!" she said hotly, her temper quick to rise in her prenatal state. Vegeta blushed slightly. "I just wanted to be sure you were alright..." he grumbled. Bulma gave a hardy sigh.

He could see dark circles under her blue eyes, her rosy skin pale and flushed. As Vegeta thought about it, Bulma was looking worse and worse each day. "I have a lot to do. I've got meals to start, research to do, prototypes to build..." Just the thought of all her work was making her head spin. Vegeta frowned. "Well, that'll all have to wait. I will handle meals until further notice, and you shall say in bed." he said strictly. Bulma frowned. "Women don't go on bed rest until their due any moment! I need to be productive while I still can!" Bulma quickly argued. Vegeta shook his head. "You may not compromise yours and the baby's health for your entertainment." Vegeta said flatly, eyeing the woman.

"Vegeta, nobody's health is-" A cry of pain interrupted Bulma's thought, as she grabbed her stomach and began to writhe in pain. All of the color drained from Vegeta's face. Her eyes were shut, tears barely squeezing from the corners of her eyes as she gasped. "V-Vegeta..." she hiccuped, as he held onto her trembling body. "Woman! Bulma! Bulma, hang on!" he cried, a million thoughts buzzing through his mind at once. The agonizing episode seemed to pass, and Bulma's body relaxed. Vegeta sighed, the pain had exhausted Bulma to the point of sleep.

'Whatever just happened...' Vegeta thought. 'Can not happen again.' He brushed a stray hair from Bulma's face, frowning as her chest heaved in her sleeping. Losing either Bulma or their baby was not an option. Even still, Vegeta did not trust any human doctor with his mate and heir any more than he could blast them. He could barely remember Saiyajin women, much less birthing rituals. Was this normal or a cause for concern? Could Bulma's body handle birthing a Demi-Saiyan? Vegeta's heart stopped at the thought of a botched birth where he lost his whole family...

"Chi Chi." He uttered the name so quietly he couldn't hear himself. His opinion on Goku's wife was indifferent at best. She was a loud nag and didn't have to do much to irritate Vegeta, although deep down somewhere he admired her guts and applauded Goku on a ballsy choice of wife. Still, she'd bore a Demi-Saiyan so she was proof that a human could survive. But he needed to consult with her and Goku and see exactly how to handle this pregnancy, or Bulma may not last. With a deep scowl, Vegeta set off to meet his friend and rival for counsel.

Annoyed, he rapped on their door loudly. "ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT!" came a shrew like voice. Vegeta pinched the bridge of his nose in apprehension of seeing Chi Chi. She opened the door revealing to be quite more rotund than he remembered. He blinked for a moment, confused at her state. "Kakarot let you get fat?" he questioned, looking at the chubby woman. Chi Chi glared, her forehead twitching with tension. "No, stupid. Kakarot made me fat. I'm pregnant!" she snapped, crossing her arms over her swollen bust. As Vegeta looked again he could see the validity of the explanation. She was not as far along as Bulma, but the baby was clearly developing. He made a face in response. "Oh, great."

Chi Chi rolled her dark eyes. She wasn't really fond of Vegeta, either. She was much slower to forgive his past actions and though she recognized him as a changed man, that was different than forgetting. She scowled at the Saiyan. "Let me just go get Goku so you too can spar or some-" "I need you." he said dryly. Chi Chi paused. "ME?" "I actually need your help." Vegeta said, looking at the ground. Chi Chi sighed, detecting less gruffness in his voice. "Alright. I'll help, I guess..." Chi Chi responded nervously, eyeing Vegeta with suspicion. Vegeta's patience was running thin quickly. "Do you plan on inviting me in?" he hissed, watched as Chi Chi haughtily moved aside and entered the house.

"Goku!" "Coming!" Vegeta crossed arms as the other Saiyan came in to view, a benevolent smile on his face. "Vegeta! What are you doing here without Bulma?" Goku questioned, looking around for his very pregnant wife. Vegete scowled even more. "She's why I'm here." Chi Chi and Goku's faces both fell in unison. Chi Chi frowned. "Bulma? What do you need, Vegeta? We'll do it." Goku and Chi Chi's fierce loyalty and concern for Bulma was a little comforting. Vegeta leaned against a wall, looking at the worried couple. "It's the pregnancy. I'm worried it may not be going well." Goku frowned, his eyes narrowed. "Why not?" he questioned, morbid thoughts coming to mind. "She's been sapped of all her energy. She's been in bed and suffered severe pains in her stomach... You." Vegeta pointed to a flustered Chi Chi. "I have no recollection of female Saiyajins and have witnessed no births but you have bared a half-Saiyan." Vegeta explained. Chi Chi nodded dumbly.

She fiddled with the purple handkerchief that was tied around her shoulders. "Well... To be honest I'm not sure if that's normal or if Bulma's in trouble." Vegeta's frown hardened. Chi Chi swallowed again. "Around her time of pregnancy I really began to feel the effects of carrying Gohan. His needs in my womb far surpassed any human child's and he would actually take them from me, depleting me of energy and vitamins." Vegeta stared as Chi Chi pressed on. "There were times when I thought I was dying, honestly. Either I had no energy or the pain was so great... I told Goku if I passed away to make sure to get Gohan no matter how many weeks early..." Goku looked at the ground, twiddling his thumbs. It was hard to remember how hard Chi Chi's pregnancy was and that they were doing it again. Nothing made him happier than having a smart, powerful son with the woman he loved but it was painful to remember times when he feared Chi Chi would die.

"And child birth was brutal. Chi Chi lost a lot of blood, and once Gohan was born she was unconscious for three days and bed ridden for a week and a half." Goku remember, his face contorted in anguish. Vegeta felt dizzy as he thought of the hardships Bulma had barely begun to face. "You can basically expect what we've told you." Goku said seriously. "But even if you expect, never fail to be by Bulma's side and tell her that... That you love her." Goku paused, taking Chi Chi's hand in his. "And in the worst case scenario... To rescue the baby from her sto-" "Enough." Vegeta cut off, his eyes blazing with fear. He couldn't lose Bulma or the baby, neither was an option. "How did you and Kakarot succeed, tell me and I shall do it!" Vegeta demanded, his fists clenched.

Goku squirmed. "There's nothing we did Vegeta." he answered softly. "It was hard.. But, but Chi Chi survived. All you can do is be there every step of the way and-" Vegeta whipped around, his eyes scanning outside of the window. "It's Bulma..." he mumbled distantly. "Her ki is fluctuating, I have to-" "I'll go." Goku asserted, not really asking so much as telling his Saiyan friend. Vegeta nodded. "I will too!" Chi Chi declared, sitting up suddenly but regretting it as Goku helped her ease back into her chair. "Easy, Chi Chi. You ought to rest, Vegeta and I will take care of Bulma!" said Goku softly. Chi Chi nodded, concerned for her friend.

"Let's go." came Vegeta's guttural voice as the two Saiyans took to the skies to help Bulma.

